we've seen hundreds of girls for the
part of rose we were here doing leads
with mr. John boyega on to see how they
play off of each other hey alright
what's your name you look familiar
hi I'm Kelly Tran I just finished a
chemistry for Star Wars I feel crazy
action I like it
I say we bring him along but what do you
think doc are you don't trust him I
trust we don't have to trust him we just
have to believe he'll do what he says
he'll do it okay literally the
definition of the word trust but why
would he lie to us I'm really really
really really like killing she is like
Rose stepped up for me the character I
had my head when I was writing it was
like she showed up to read
so many people wish for something like
this I still don't believe I'm doing it
[Music]
roses not an amazing pilot or Jedi she's
so strong in a different way and I think
that's kind of how she holds her own
roses her defense of his rumors about
his pot and the big fight with Rey
inside Iran he's a hero may the force be
with you Wow she has this fangirl
experience and then they started
realizing the two of them have abilities
that nobody else has that they could
really help the resistance if they were
to work together they have two parts to
it
one of the many reasons why Kelly was
right for the part was seeing her and
John spark off of each other we're
making Star Wars maybe I've just been so
lucky to see how much work goes into
everything I just to see the end product
and it's been magical
[Music]
rated pg-13